Refresh and update the QA/Testing Area (#95)
forem/forem-docs: docs/contributing-guide/forem.md

### Code quality

We use [Code Cov](https://docs.codecov.com/docs) to  incentivize us to write tests and increase coverage.

We deliver the coverage metrics directly into the PR to promote more code coverage, especially in pull requests where new features and bug fixes commonly occur.

>  We encourage you to keep the code coverage percentage at 80% and above.

Author: ```suggestion
 We encourage you to always be increasing the code coverage.
```
